README.md, before:

# Arma 3 Dedicated Server Docker Setup

This is a dockerfile for running an Arma 3 dedicated server.

This container has an ssh server set up and listening on container port 22. This should allow you to ssh in and do anything you may need to do inside of the container remotely without having to tear it down and start it up again.

There are a few volumes set up in this container:

`/configuration`: The server.cfg and the basic.cfg files
`/profiles`: The server user profile settings
`/home/steam/mpmissions`: The mp missions folder

This container also ships with tmux and vim installed.

## How to use

First, edit the text file "credentials" in the repository root to look like this:

```
STEAMUSER=your steam account username here
STEAMPASSWORD=your steam account password here
```

*NOTE*: You should use your junk steam account credentials, or [create one if you haven't already and start using it for your dedicated server instances.](https://developer.valvesoftware.com/wiki/SteamCMD#SteamCMD_Login)

Next, build it:

`./build.sh`

Then run it like this:

```sh
docker run -itd \
  --env-file credentials \
  -p 2302-2305:2302-2305/udp \
  -p 2344-2345:2344-2345/udp -p 2344-2345:2344-2345/tcp \
  -p 8766:8766/udp -p 27016:27016/udp \
  -p 2222:22 \
  -v $PWD/configuration:/configuration \
  -v $PWD/profiles:/profiles \
  adamveld12/arma3 
```

From here, you should see your container show up in the server browser after a few seconds. Make sure to edit the configuration files to your liking, they will persist between runs.

I will include a guide on how to run multiple instances on one machine at a later time.

Commit message:

changed dockerfile to source credentials during build. This should help with the volume loading issues

README.md, after:

# Arma 3 Dedicated Server Docker Setup

This is a dockerfile for running an Arma 3 dedicated server.

This container has an ssh server set up and listening on container port 22. This should allow you to ssh in and do anything you may need to do inside of the container remotely without having to tear it down and start it up again.

This container also ships with tmux and vim installed and some dot files that modify some tmux settings. [Take a look at the tmux.conf](https://github.com/adamveld12/laughing-hipster/blob/master/.tmux.conf) to see all of the alterations.


There are a few volumes set up in this container:

`/configuration`: The server.cfg and the basic.cfg files

`/profiles`: The server user profile settings

`/home/steam/mpmissions`: The mp missions folder

`/home/steam/mods`: Mods

Lastly, there is a prebuilt image available on [Docker Hub](https://registry.hub.docker.com/u/adamveld12/arma3/).

## How to use

1. Build it:

`./build.sh`

You will get prompted to password protect the ssh key used to connect to the container after its running, and for steam account credentials so that the build can install the arma 3 dedicated server tools.

*NOTE*: You should use your junk steam account, or [create one if you haven't already and start using it for your dedicated server instances.](https://developer.valvesoftware.com/wiki/SteamCMD#SteamCMD_Login)

2. Run it like this:

```sh
docker run -itd \
  --env-file credentials \
  -p 2302-2305:2302-2305/udp \
  -p 2344-2345:2344-2345/udp -p 2344-2345:2344-2345/tcp \
  -p 8766:8766/udp -p 27016:27016/udp \
  -p 2222:22 \
  -v $PWD/configuration:/configuration \
  -v $PWD/profiles:/profiles \
  adamveld12/arma3 
```

or use one of the several shortcut shell scripts

From here, you should see your container show up in the server browser after a few seconds. Make sure to edit the configuration files to your liking, they will persist between runs.

*NOTE*: I will include a guide on how to run multiple instances on one machine at a later time.

After you run this container you can check if your server is running by [using the server browser by BIS](http://master.bistudio.com/?page=1&count=10&game_id=6)

The server is ran inside of a tmux session under the steam user. The steam user has limited access to the file system and is mostly locked down to the /home/steam directory. If you would like to access the server then you can ssh in, run `su steam` and `tmux attach` to get to the running server.


## Default Settings

For the most part you get the server setup with pretty decent defaults. Verify signatures=2, battle eye enabled, and some networking tweaks in the basic.cfg to name a few. The admin RCON is disabled, but the battle eye password SHOULD be changed after running the server once.
